## Question 2
 ***
 **(Q2.a)** 13 Marks
 > Describe the _**main methods**_ of the _**queue**_ abstract data type and show how a `List` can be used to provide the underlying implementation collection.

`Queue` methods
- `add()` - adds element to the queue. Throws error if queue is full.
- `element()` - gets element from a queue, but don't removes it. Throws error if queue is empty.
- `remove()` - removes and returns element from a queue. Throws error if queue is empty.
- `offer()` - adds element to the queue. returns false if element can't be added.
- `peek()`- gets element from a queue, but don't removes it. Returns null if queue is empty.
- `poll()` - removes and returns element from a queue. Returns null if queue is empty.

Example of `Queue` using `List`. So simplicity I will stick only to 3 methods:
- `offer()` - `List` has method `add()` which adds elament to the end.
- `peek()` - `List` has method `get(index)` which returns element from given index. `get(0)` will get first element (queue is FIFO data structure).
- `poll()` - `List` has method `remove(index)` which could be used as `remove(list.size() -1)` to poll from a queue.


 ***
 **(Q2.a)** 12 Marks
 > Explain, using either code or a diagram, how a _**priority queue**_ can be implemented using the `Comparable` interface. Your answer should clearly illustrate the order of insertion into the queue.

Priority queue should be implemented using LinkList (any). Arrays is not good because inserting in start of middle of array is inefficient. Priority queue must be sorted so we might need to insert in a middle. That is main difirence of Priority queue.

```Java
// Pseudo code

List q = new LinkList();

offer(Element e){
    for(i = 0; i < q.size(); i++ ){         // start from beggining ..
        if( e.compareTo(q.get(i)) > 0 ){    // .. compare given element with element in a queue ..
            q.add(i, e);                    // .. if given elment is bigger, add element to position i
        }
    }    
}
```
